N	Finally after 8 months and 2 weeks of being pregnant I finally look pregnant
H	On the cusp of 31, over 7 months pregnant and still getting ID'ed. Winning at life
H	I don't know, maybe it has something to do with people saying I'm pregnant now. We'll yeah, I'm relatively happy.
H	I'm happy I still have friends who join me pregnant or not lol #muchlove #mynigs
N	tae's vocals in butterfly I'm fr pregnant
N	I think I've only not done my makeup 15 days out of the 8 months I've been pregnant. It's the one thing that makes me feel better
D	Side note, having a cold while being 8 months pregnant is probably one of my least favorite things in the world
A	Just bc I'm pregnant doesn't mean I'm helpless. It also doesn't mean that I can do everything I used to do.
A	My pregnancy book said I'll miss feeling confident and sexy. Who the fuck feels like that when they're fat and lumpy
A	People are so sweet until they find out I'm 19 and pregnant. Then they get on a whole new level of judgemental.
N	In a matter of 2 weeks (2 Months ago) I was 9+ months pregnant,
N	In the eight months I've been pregnant, I've been habitually rubbing my belly for at least four of them. It'll be weird to stop eventually.
N	Eric be really reading my month to my month pregnancy book
H	@KarenDavid Hi Karen! I wish you were coming to the SF OuaTCon! I want to go even though I'll be like 8 months pregnant. but it's so fun!
A	Don't invite me anywhere if there's not gonna be food. Like I'm pregnant, I need food don't do dis
A	Here's a senior picture in honor of my last MF day of high school!p.s I hated school and I was 5 months pregnant
N	Me: I'm nauseous @_tiffy_31: you're pregnant Me: yeah totally and you're the dad
N	Watching Jason Momoa perform the Haka has been the highlight of my year. Yup, I said it. I'm pretty sure I'm pregnant.
H	9 months pregnant as of today. Holy crap.
H	when i get pregnant i'm fr gonna drive to canada just for maternity photos lol
H	I love how even me being 8 months pregnant, Ezekiel still makes me feel beautiful
A	I've never actually busted my ass for no real reason in my whole 19 years. So of course it would happen while 9 months pregnant
A	@devynoclue I'd rather be in a shelter instead of being 8 months pregnant homeless & on the street's
D	I'm really thinking about getting back surgery bc I don't think I've had this much pack pain since I was pregnant
A	I've always taken long showers and now that I'm pregnant I take like 5x longer
H	8 months pregnant & I've been looking forward to this more than the birth of my child. @fluffyguy #kidding #kinda
H	Was just told that I'm super cute pregnant
H	This week, I'll officially be 7 months pregnant. Only 2 full months of pregnancy left!
A	Then it don't help that I'm the pregnant one every body gone be tryna touch me, talk to me and I just caaaaaant
N	@BLAMEAURORA me too i'm pregnant
H	I can't wait till I'm so pregnant I can use my belly to prop my plate of food
A	I'm VERY clearly pregnant and guys still DM me talking about wassup wit u oh nun much just chillin and having contractions
A	Just because I'm pregnant does not mean I'm handicapped!!!! It doesn't mean I have to stop living and doing things that I like to do.
N	@Rebeccastow97 Yes. First game that has ever made me cry. Even if I was eight months pregnant haha.
D	@Rudeone_ When I'm pregnant I stay Having them Then Go to the hospital they always Say I'm dehydrated
A	@Tarale @CollardSoylentG I would honestly prefer to raise newborn triplets for the rest of my life than be pregnant for 9 months.
A	I'm not any less of the person I used to be because I'm pregnant
D	Don't even get me started on this 24degree+ heat and being 6 1/2 months pregnant cos that's a whole other story!
A	It's still so awkward when my mom tells people I'm pregnant in public. I just be standing there like
N	Supposedly I'm pregnant with a Mexican child. Did y'all know? I been slamming Jack Daniels hope you like it lil bud
A	I swear why does this have to happen when I'm pregnant !!!
A	I mean, I ate it, but with a fuckin attitude. I'm too hungry and pregnant to sit and pick chicken off a bone to eat it.
N	@carenakorbin I'm pregnant so I'm sure I could do more
N	The day I'm pregnant my maternity shoot gonna be a movie
A	I woke up this morning hungry afnow I see why pregnant women gain so much weight the last 3 months of their pregnancy
N	also since you can kind of start to tell, especially in the photo, might as well come out & say that i'm pregnant
H	@amy___collins Apparently I'm pregnant with his baby, really happy can't wait to meet it
N	I don't even look 6 months pregnant
A	I'm really not happy with the way my life is going. No one is here for me, I have one to talk to. I'm pregnant and still have Aubrey.
A	Had a dream (nightmare) I was five months pregnant and I woke up on the verge of a breakdown
N	I over been pregnant and I'm hungry againman
D	Litterally had my feet in an ice bucket for the last few hours. The joys of being 9 months pregnant in this heat
N	this was almost 2 years ago. now I'm pregnant with a big ol belly. crazy how time flies.
A	Trying to find a cute dress for our engagement party but because I'm pregnant every shop expects you to wear a fucking tent
H	Guess what? @taylorcaniff i'm pregnant and it's yours, a baby caniff is coming YEYYYYYYYYYYYY
H	hey babe @taylorcaniff i'm pregnant, and it's yours, congratulations, daddyyyy :))
N	@annnamitchum Think of me I'm pregnant wearing one
N	8 months pregnant and i still walk faster than 90% of the humans in the mall
N	@lndsywst I bought the dress when I was 6 months pregnant, so hoping it was a decent guide of where I'll be 6 weeks post
A	i rl should be fat asf as much as i eat i'm small to be pregnant, just belly
H	My grandma just found out I'm pregnant and all she's saying is 'can I have her' lol
N	Really be thinking I'm still pregnant be turning down drinks and shx
N	Niggas at work still don't think I'm pregnant
H	I'm in love with someone I haven't even met yet #bump #17weeks #pregnant #somuchlove
N	@martymckennarp Well I'm pregnant
N	im 7 months pregnant bc of this gif
N	@austin3_bell i'm pregnant i can't drink
A	But thats how i'm pregnant now nevamind
H	I absolutely can not believe in 5 days I'll be 9 months along. 32 days left of the pregnant life, time has went by so fast.
H	@THRASHXGOD oh no my secret is out now, I'm pregnant
D	@Zoella ahh it's lovely and everything but with this heat and being 7 months pregnant it's knocked me for six!
N	I'm so pregnant
H	At the end of the week I'll be 6 months pregnant with my baby boy , only 3 more months to go
N	They gonna accept the fact that I'm leaving pregnant and it ain't for them lmaoooo
N	@Nakattacks @jodieanne96 I'm Carrie underwood and WE'RE PREGNANT! We? Brad, I uhdon't remember you being there.
A	Being pregnant is a blessing and I'm so lucky but sometimes it's the loneliest shit ever
H	Despite being 7 months pregnant one of my favorite pics ever. Thanks @brothersosborne
A	I'm over being pregnant *
A	I've always had poor squat form. I can't even blame it on being 6 months pregnant.
A	@AmericanAir just flew 6 months pregnant - new seats are so uncomfortable. I've never been so uncomfortable and we even had extra leg room.
D	having a cracked rib while 8 months pregnant is easily one of the most annoying/painful things ever #almostover
N	Ryan finds it so funny how much a eat now that I'm pregnant
A	6 months pregnant and still carried $130 worth of groceries inside in one trip I puked after but shhhhh
A	To say I'm pregnant I'm really hard working. The grind DON'T STOP !!!
A	Wish I could go see @ValentinoKhan again but I'm pregnant this time around, who's guna wanna get lit with a pregnant bitch?
A	Ah I'm pregnant
N	As much as I work I don't even seem 8 months pregnant
D	So now I'm sitting here pregnant, just getting over a yr long injury that kept me from work n in deeper depression than ever
N	With my boyfriend for nine months before I got pregnant. Never asked anyone for a dime not even my mom and still don't and people still had
A	I want to go to neon but no friends, I'm lame and pregnant.
N	@king_Cyty Lol you couldn't even tell I was pregnant with London at 6 months
H	i really appreciate all my friends that have been there even if though i'm pregnant and it minimize the things i could do.
A	Only six months pregnant and I feel like fat Monica in the bean bag trying to get up and off a chair
A	Wishing I was at fiesta Texas with my family but I'm too pregnant
N	@CockySurgeon the most amazing man ever, second I'm pregnant with his baby daughter, and last I don't ever want to
N	@rocknrollerbaby @MoonpigUK 5 months!!! That's unheard of! I totally went off alcohol when pregnant, are you craving it? x
A	Damn I swear every other month I hear I'm pregnant damn y'all know more about me than I do
D	Well Being 9 months pregnant in the middle of a heatwave is quite unpleasant.
A	Printed out a pic of me and my dad. I'm sat trying not to cry because I was pregnant then
D	It's hot as fuvk and I'm pregnant as fuck and all I wanna do is cool the fuvk off in peace.
H	Still Can't Believe I'm Pregnant Dawg
A	ugh I'm so fucking pregnant & I'm so fucking done being this pregnant
N	7 months pregnant asking dad for whiskey Bc a friend didn't make it to the liquor store in time & he doesn't even ask why I need it
D	Even though this summer will be rough being 7-9 months pregnant, next summer baby boy will be the right age to be at the beach
N	I'm really so broodyif it were up to me I'd be pregnant already
A	Do people truly think I want to get my 7 months pregnant ass out of bed at 1 in the morning?
D	Two air conditioners in our house because why not? I'm pregnant, I can't die of heat stroke. #BringOnTheElectricBill
N	@Za__cK @jayjayriv I'm pregnant don't bully me
N	Ok, I'm pregnant. Jikook is the father.
N	@lindsay_kelch @Cosmopolitan Six months pregnant - I don't do any of these things
N	@bunspjm u done it I'm pregnant
N	Just shy of 4 months pregnant and every day I feel small changes
N	Have this intense feeling of wanting to really workout and get in great shape! However, that's not possible at 6 months pregnant
D	Oh god. I take it all back - bring back the rain and cold weather. I cannot be 9 months pregnant and dealing with 24 degrees of heat.
D	Going to the wee every 6 minutes. The joys of being 8.5 months pregnant
D	If a woman miscarries after two months of pregnancy, is her bleeding regarded as nifaas? I was pregnant and I had
N	so i'm pregnant
A	13 hour school days with only 7 hours of sleep while being 5 1/2 months pregnant is not the happs
N	I'm not embarrassed to show off my pregnant belly
D	I'm a Carrier for Muscular Dystrophy, and I Might Give it to My Unborn Son
N	@SmugKetra I'm pregnant DEsUUuuU
A	At 6 months pregnant with all I have going on the last thing someone should wanna ask me is a for damn favor
A	Why lord !! I'm pregnant . Why make a fake page of me with my pregnancy photos and all. I'm really mad cause who
N	Told dudes I'm pregnant and they still wanna hold a convo with me
N	i just saw Blood Sweat and Tears vid six times straight and now I'm pregnant with seven children jImin's is a girl.
D	I'm 14 and pregnant. What should I do?
D	After being diagnosed 4 years ago with PCOS, I'm now pregnant thanks to OvuSense! I even continued to use the
A	Almost 7 months pregnant and I no longer fell comfortable in any of my non maternity bottoms, not even track pants. #pregnancyproblems
A	I'm so damn tired of being pregnant
D	Me, throughout the day, every day this past week: Why oh why sign myself up for 4 months of nausea? #momlife #pregnant #firsttrimester
N	@tk_takylah I can't fight you I'm pregnant but my cousin ready . Send exact address .
A	I just wanna go to the lake and have fun, but being almost 8 months pregnant really restricts me of that.
D	@GymWorksEuxton in this heat with no air con & 7 months pregnant isn't happening long walks for me and baby it is #pleaseinvestinaircon
N	To bad I'm pregnant
D	@mamas0ul wow you have gained a lot of weight *pinching my upper arms in front of about 30 people, and also 7 months pregnant
N	@chancetherapper still contemplating seeing you in Florida even though I'll be 8 months pregnant my baby boys first chance concert tho! Lol
N	It's crazy the amount of people that tell me I don't look 6 months pregnant .
A	Mason told the people he's selling his car too that I'm pregnant for a little sympathy and he just rubbed my stomach I hate him so much
A	Lord please let these couple months fly by im really just tired of being pregnant im ready to see my Toonk
A	8 months ago i was single & lit af having the time of my life Now im in a relationship , pregnant and boring af
N	I'm pregnant
N	I'm pregnant with octopulets
N	This deployment will be the death of me Idk how I'll go 9 months without my husband while pregnant with our baby
N	Rain or shine or 6 months pregnant, I wouldn't have missed one of my favorite bands U2 in
N	By the grace of Allah (God), I will lose my gut after this Ramadan because I look 3 to 4 months pregnant. Lol and smh. - Bro. Damon
N	Working on finishing my pregnancy book
H	@IronMaiden - Here in Cardiff 8 months pregnant!! If our little one turns up tonight middle name of Eddie!!!
A	4 months pregnant having to sit on the floor on one of your trains! Disgusting @Virgin_TrainsEC
N	I'm pregnant.
A	Oh crap, I'm pregnant, a bible fanfic
N	@casio_juarez Being almost 8 months pregnant and enormous has made me very there are two types of people in this world
N	I dont have curves tbh If you were to walk behind me rn you wouldn't even think Im 6 months pregnant:/
A	I'm so tired of being pregnant and Lilly is getting big.
N	@lostboyjjk and i'm pregnant
H	@_ToParisAndBack I'm not trying to be an asshole I promise! I'm pregnant; this sounds like a dream to me.
D	9 months pregnant in this heat means a huge jug of ice water and a can of Magicool must be permanently attached to my hand.
N	@rashadpls wrong, I'm pregnant and you're the father
D	@AkilahObviously I never have dang acne but now I'm pregnant and it is THE WORST.
N	so i'm pregnant based off of my nap ratio
D	I'm pregnant and had fluid in my knees yet you want me to work 17 hours Friday! Ha ha fuck off
A	Some days I'm like I'm gonna eat whatever want, I'm pregnant other days I'm crying because my cellulite is getting so bad #ilovemybaby
N	Looks like another night of cowering in my bathtub at 9 months pregnant with my husband and 3 pets. #ihatetornadoes #missouriugh
N	@burmats11 Oh god don't guilt trip me his name is Jim I've been pregnant with his child for three months now
N	@AmarRenee before you know it I'm pregnant, alone and have bad credit nope nope nope
N	So I just found out that I'm pregnant
H	Like I'm still in shock y'all. I can't believe that I'm pregnant!
N	@NinaBandit The only thing that can really top that is I'm pregnant but LOL You'll have a bomb time at edc reg
N	@EATJ1N GEEZUS I'M PREGNANT
H	I'm pregnant! Holy Shit! How the Heaven did that happen? #ElderlyStatusUpdates
D	i've had severe nausea and vomiting for the past week and body pains that i can't take i'm sick of being pregnant :(
N	did a comparison pic of my body from before i started SW to now n now i only look 3 months pregnant instead of 9 months n ready to pop
N	Twitter hasn't even seen me pregnant or Facebook. I got 2 more months to go !
N	Today I got hit on hard by a lesbian, at 7 months pregnant, while I was with my dad. Even he picked up on it #babymamabackup
N	Crazy how I'm nearly 20 weeks pregnant yet I've only put like a 1lb on! Where is my bump
N	@_queenconn lmao I'm just saying I'm 6 weeks pregnant because I'm getting a dog in December
A	I always thought that I'd be all cute & arreglada when I'd be pregnant, but here I am greuda, wearing sweats, & no makeup everyday.
A	My car has no AC and I have to make a 22 hour car drive being over 4 months pregnant lmao I'm dreading it already
A	@jeffstinco not sure yet since there are no seats at the venue and I can't stand the whole evening bc I'm 7,5 months pregnant
N	Should I go for three jobs while I'm close to being 7 months pregnant ? I think I should
A	I'm convinced being pregnant got me so dumb I got in the car started it up and thought I left my car keys inside like wtf
H	Love all the twitter moms adding my Fitbit and doing challenges but I'm 37 weeks pregnant and I've pushed myself a lot the last two weeks
N	@___BNicole my body hasn't felt like mines since I got pregnant you stopping at 1?
D	I feel so bad for mikenot only am I 6 months pregnant, but I'm getting sick. So I'm this crazy ball of emotions that cries every 5 minutes
N	@Daisuke_Daiki_ Yes but I'm also two weeks pregnant so it's not like anyone would want me
A	I'm soooo over being pregnant. 5 more weeks
A	I've been sleeping so much lately I can't even imagine how tired I'm going to be 8 months pregnant.
N	I'm almost 7 months pregnant. Time is flyyyyyyinggggg
N	I'm currently 3 months pregnant with this dough cone's child.
H	Anthony still finds me attractive at 37 weeks pregnant and I'm happy about that but goodness this is why I'm pregnant dude cause of you
N	@_anamaniac I feel like I just found out I'm pregnant yesterday but I'm already 5 months
N	I thought my boobs were going to get bigger while being pregnant, but I'm still apart of the ittybittytittycommittee
N	I got homeschooled once I was pregnant so now I have to graduate with people I don't know ):
N	people be thinking I'm a joke when I say I'm five months pregnant. my baby girl sit so low you can't even tell I'm pregnant
N	@p_y_tia Yes ma'am! He was late so I was pregnant for 41.5 weeks
D	This boy gonna tell me I don't walk or nothing I'm 33 weeks pregnant and it's HOT ASF. Bitch, you walk.
N	I can't believe I'm almost 5 months pregnant and haven't gain weight, I don't even weight 104 pounds
N	Gotta love those people that are like wait you're pregnant? Like dude yes. I'm only 29 weeks
A	Since I got pregnant all my friends went ghost
A	@Smellmyfartyo I actually had a guy catcall me on my walk to work the other day. I'm 39 weeks pregnant. In cargo ma
A	Why am I so annoyed with being pregnant at this point. is this normal?
A	Okay I only been pregnant for a couple months how do you guys do this multiple times I'm going though it
D	Sweating become easier when i am pregnant now.
A	You people should leave me and yes I am pregnant
A	Hahhaa im eight and a half months pregnant in a two piece at the pool not giving any fucks ab how big i am
D	I'm so grouchy when I'm tired (and 31 weeks pregnant) (and working all day) (make that all weekend) (help) (too hot and bothered)
A	@Lexxrilla @naeforshort I Found Out At 2 Weeks ' 2 WEEKS KAITLYN I'm Due December 30 ' Sometimes I Like To Forget I'm Pregnant
N	RT @littlecmermaid: Oh here it goes. Got the first one hitting me up bc they so excited that I'm pregnant but we haven't talked in like six
N	So, I'm 5 months and have 5 months to go. But you are actually pregnant for 9 months and 2 weeks. So weird how they calculate it.
D	@mysticmama_ I'm pregnant and found out I have hyperthyroidism a couple months ago. I haven't put on any weight but
D	Lord't this heart burn this headache and my stomach hurt I'm soooooo over being pregnant 7 more weeks
N	4 months pregnant and I'm pretty sure I've had food babies bigger
N	Son how tf is the scale still going down? I'm 6 and a half months pregnant and have not gained an ounce, I'm still losing weight how sway
N	All bloat but can't believe I'm already 15 weeks! I've been pregnant for 105 days
N	They turnt at this cookout I can't lie they lucky I'm damn near 9 months pregnant cause I be up fucking it up
N	I been slowed down on the weed before I even got pregnant
N	Looks like I'm 9 months pregnant after my bowl of pasta
N	@ProSyndicate so glad you're streaming, I'm currently 7 & a half months pregnant & my partner works nights bring out some baby merch!
A	Can someone explain too me how on earth I am 34 weeks pregnant tomorrow?!!!!
H	35 weeks! I'm so gratefull we made it this far, but am kind of starting to hope you're ready to come out! #Reflux 
A	Even though it doesnt last very long, the, Im nine months pregnant stage feels like it last YEARS! :)
H	I Then Pregnant For 10 Months I'm Readyyyy To Have Her Lol#Pregnant #EDS
A	@ccwallace22 IM HONESTLY SCARED and it's always like I'm a couple weeks pregnant not like a couple months
N	I'm 8 months pregnant, & have received numerous messages on have I thought about weight loss products after I deliver.
N	I'm going to be 5 months next week and I still don't look pregnant I just look fat
N	26 weeks pregnant This time I'm hoping for a completely different and more pleasant birth
H	I can't believe I'm nearly 25 weeks pregnant, there's still so much to do before little Blob arrives! #pbloggers
A	Moving all the furniture around in my room when am nearly 27 weeks pregnant is not good, I am dead n need my bed
A	the fact that i'm 8 months pregnant & still don't have medi cal i've been trying to get it for SIX MONTHS.
N	I never though I would say this but I miss my belly so much I was 7 months pregnant here & shopping for my baby s
D	4 months pregnant and I'm still nauseous
N	FYI i was not hydrosliding. i was just floating on the board. i am aware that it isn't safe to hydroslide while pregnant
N	Excisions coming to town when I'm 37 weeks pregnant NOOOOO
A	I'm 30 weeks pregnant! 3/4 done! And already getting sad about not being pregnant eventually
A	Put on my wedding dress again suddenly it makes me feel fat. Its funny because I am fat I'm almost 30 weeks pregnant
A	@KailLowry - 35 weeks pregnant, someone asked me if I'm sure I'm not having twinsya pretty effing sure, thanks.
A	38 weeks and 5 days today I'm just annoyed and ready to not be pregnant.
H	I'd like to announce that I'm happily two months pregnant with @BeardedDaddario's baby
H	@A_finchelfan18 I'm almost 8 months pregnant babe. I can't wait to finally meet our little princess. What about yo
H	But I also am going on 21 weeks pregnant so I'd say I've done pretty good!
N	@e_beezy23 You can definitely tell I'm pregnant are you showing a lot at 5 months?
H	9 months pregnant today okay Landon I'm ready for you to come, trying to be patient but I just want to hold you i
A	I'm 14 weeks pregnant and it feels like I've been pregnant forever But then again that's 3 months & 2 weeks!
N	Just found out I'm 8 weeks pregnant.
N	I Seriously Got Pregnant
N	8 months today and I look like I'm 5 months pregnant
D	It's only 9.20am and I am struggling with this heat. What am I going to be like mid summer and 8 months pregnant
H	@randommagic Hi Angie, Clarissa here, Sarah gave me your contact details. I am pregnant 20 weeks with T1! Congratulations on your little boy
A	@NeuroGxd I don't blame you I'm four months pregnant with this little boy and I'm sleepy and still cutting brains open
H	@jenniechao Congrats! That's how much mine weights now! I'm 33 weeks pregnant!! Best wishes!
A	Was supposed to go see Kid Rock in September for my birthday, turns out I'll be 8 months pregnant
N	I got engaged 3 months ago & my mother asked if I was pregnant. I said yes. I should probably check & make sure she's figured it out.
N	@TwicketsMusic two tickets for Common People Southampton 100 pair ono. I'm 8 months pregnant so too big to boogie! @CommonPeopleSO
A	Can't believe I'm 36 weeks pregnant soooo nervous
A	@Miss_Delahoyde I'm seven 1/2 months pregnant & still get this!! You wouldn't tel someone omg your massive so why d
N	Honestly I could find out Im pregnant right now and season 5 #Bellarke will still be the thing Im most excited for 9 months from now
N	@lovinitdolans I am pregnant
A	@_lesbiTREN I'm 9 and a half months pregnant. Im super ready. I hate everyone
N	@tHAREALN0ELLE Bitch I'm pregnant but I'll still whoop your ass, I ain't pregnant in 2 months so come at me then and we will see wassup
N	@itaintamanda Well jiorgios 18 months and I'm pregnant again so I'm just laid out constantly letting him do what he wants cuz I'm so ill
N	My mcm is my baby daddy @omar_wrecks, I'm 2 months pregnant and I can already tell ur going to be an amazing father to our child. :^) xoxo
A	9 months pregnant & been working 6 days a week 4 of those days 12 hr shifts I'm fucking tired
A	@Miss_Delahoyde I'm 20 weeks and keep being asked if I'm 'even pregnant' or 'where's your bump' you'll never win wi
N	19 weeks pregnant and I'm still not back up to pre pregnancy weight. I have a feeling it's all going to hit those last couple weeks
N	When I was that pregnant every time I rolled over in bed my hip popped and I would have to hold on to the wall to w
N	I am pregnant @watashinora
H	can't believe I'm already 5 months pregnant like this shit going by so fast
N	i am 4 months pregnant with pasta salad and fried potatoes baby shower will be next week
N	Slides into a new chat #CharacterTherapy Hi I'm Selena. 28 years old, 5 months pregnant, married, a teacher, and dealing with some stuff
H	i'm five months pregnant today with a baby girl and boy. :) @elliotjohno2l
A	@HabitatUK When I called the driver as it did not show, he claimed not to have the bed. I am 4 months pregnant and need this bed urgently.
D	@SantanaWankyLo Santana and I had a fight and now (I wince in pain again) I'm having cramps and I'm around 5 weeks pregnant
D	@SantanaWankyLo Hi I'm here because my stomach has been cramping and I'm 5 weeks pregnant
D	Yo I wobbled last night. 9 months pregnant and I still got it. I'm tryin as hard as I can to wobble this baby out
D	Plus I'm 5 months pregnant so I pee like 2 or 3 times an hr and I haven't been able to pee for 4hrs!! I just want to cry
N	In the last 13 months, I have been pregnant for all but a month and a half. We lost Peanut the end of July, and was pregnant 6 weeks later.
N	i got so much love coming my way i can honestly say this is the happiest i've ever been since i been pregnant
N	I do have my own business. I am out here working. I am 6.5 months pregnant. A 4 yr old. A whole boo. Taking care of my mother.
A	I have to take a nap or two everyday. If I don't I will be angry as hell Idk why , I guess its just cause I'm 38 weeks pregnant!
A	I'm gonna be 11 weeks pregnant going to migos and Bc I'm so bloated none of my shorts fit
H	I'm so happy and blessed to be pregnant, time is really winding down, I can't believe she'll be here in three months literally.
H	y'all just don't know how excited I am! that's mommy's baby I feel in love w/ this child the very moment I found out I was pregnant.
A	@British_Airways everyday I ask myself why I keep travelling with BA. I'm 32 weeks pregnant and been on queue for 9
N	I only gained 4 pounds and I'm 6 months pregnant
A	I'm going to bed at 8 tonight for sure weeks pregnant. In case you were wondering. #exhaustedmomma #alltheDrsAppts #isitbedtimeyet
A	Correction: I'm get out of bed and eat a bowl of cereal because I'm starving & then go to sleep weeks pregnant. #pregnantlife #baby3
A	I'm eating a @qdoba burrito and a handful of @TUMStweets simultaneously weeks pregnant, in case you were keeping track. #pregnancylife
H	Cannot believe I am 20 weeks #pregnant today - half way there and it's gone so fast!!
A	Not dilated at all & 38 weeks pregnant. Why am I so butt hurt. It feels like this is never going to end.
N	Gotta be really strategic about what position I'm willing to get stuck in when I just want to relax at 39 weeks pregnant
H	I'm huge! 25 weeks pregnant
D	I just published Im 6 weeks pregnant and spotting.
D	It's red hot, I'm full of cold, 4 months pregnant and I'm working all weekend in this heat
N	I'm 8 months pregnant, and I successfully shaved my legs without cutting myself with a new razor y'all I deserve an award
N	i loved Torchys so much before i got pregnant, now i absolutely hate it
N	@what2buy4kids I'm 23 weeks pregnant and currently decorating the nursery, if we could work together at all please
A	2But I'm six months pregnant so I just sorta look like a cow that got caught in a sail.
H	I just realized I'm going to be 9 months pregnant on Tuesday. Holy shiz balls
A	@hsr Being 5 months pregnant I'm not running to get off the damn bus. Teach your drivers to have respect.
N	@life_goesonn I am pregnant but that wasnt twitters busniess
N	Yeah everybody pregnant but I feel like I'm the only pregnant person having a boy
N	how am i already 30 weeks pregnant
N	It's so weird; I was pregnant with Gabe for like 3 months before I even knew. It makes sense cuz I was so bitchy and couldn't lose weight.
N	I am almost willing to admit that, at nearly 7.5 months pregnant, spending all day DIYing *might* come close to overdoing it.
D	Love the sun, love the heat, not when I'm 8 months pregnant #elephantFeet #swollenhands #dreamingofibiza
A	Someone needs to tell B that it's not wise to question his pregnant wife's food choices. Yes I am going to eat a donut and a breakfast wrap.
A	I am so bored of looking fat not pregnant. Literally 6 months can u please say hello now baby
N	@BBC6Breakfast think I've frightened my husband after dancing around to #PushIt - I'm 7 months pregnant thanks for the bouncing!
N	@stitcherman1984 I'd be almost 6 months pregnant from the last time I had dick so I'm not worried lol
H	8 months pregnant and I'm at the park running and playing basketball lol I feel good.
N	I got pregnant
N	@ghettoanger I watched this as well, and I, too, am pregnant. Stephen Amell is a beautiful beast, and a wonderful human specimen.
N	It's so hard to believe that I'm already 32 almost 33 weeks pregnant.
H	It feels like I literally just told everyone I was pregannt not too long ago & bam 6 months flys by & here I am 8 months pregnant
A	@soupbitchbaddd I work mon - fri at my day job and still work at johns 3-4 days a week and I'm 6 months pregnant so
N	It's so weird that I'm almost 7 months pregnant. Officially 27 weeks today!
N	Time is moving so fast but slow at the same time. I feel like I just found out I was pregnant and now I'm almost 6 months lol
H	I'm 37 weeks pregnant today! Only 2 weeks and 4 days until I get induced and meet my sweet little girl.
H	I can't believe I'm already 6 months pregnant I'm so ready to meet this baby!!
N	This week I'm going to move house and be a bridesmaid. Whilst being 34 weeks' pregnant. I've got this.
H	I'm 4 months pregnant. I can't wait till i get to meet my little one.
N	Guys I'm going to be 7 months pregnant next week like where is time going
N	@AcaciaBrinley I had my son 10 months ago and mine never went away. Now I'm 5 months pregnant with my little girl and it's still there
N	I'm 9 months pregnant, stop trying to get in an accident trying to get my attention thirst.
N	Eep, I'm officially 9 months pregnant! & feelin it!
A	Bought a cute little bohemian style dress, got a size larger because I'm pregnant i could fit five of me in it getting a smaller size
H	I AM FUCKING PREGNANT ISTG!!!!
N	@BulletSenpai lol I stopped playing and got pregnant. Oh gosh. I should've kept playing. #noregrets tho
N	I delivered Mas at the end of 35 weeks.I think I missed out on the omg I'm tired of being pregnant stage.
H	Well My baby Austyn's gonna be a daddy of two now. Just found out I'm 6 weeks pregnant and supper excited.
N	So I'm 28 weeks pregnant today and my boobs have just started leaking milk. Fantastic.
A	Being 30 weeks pregnant and trying to shave your legs it's a struggle I'm tellin ya
N	I got pregnant
N	My son wants the world to know I'm pregnant Bc I wear him all in my face I'm ready when he is 9 month
N	I tried on my bikini I got right before I got pregnant and it doesn't look as revolting as I thought it would.
A	I'm 37 weeks pregnant, fuck it right
N	Fun fact though guys: I'm officially 9 months pregnant and my son could come at literally anytime
N	I'm 7 months pregnant and I do not sleep anymore
H	It's still so shocking that I've asked god to bless me with a baby boy since I got pregnant and now I'm having a boy
N	I never remembered my dreams/nightmares until I got pregnant & now I have nightmares every night & they scare the shit out of me.
N	I use to hate summer and now I'm 38 weeks pregnant enjoying it?
A	@SW_Trains I'm 6 months pregnant and it's really uncomfortable to travel in and is it not a health and safety risk?
N	@_veronicaaxo Considering I'm 7 months pregnant, I'll just laugh quietly drama really isn't top on the list b
N	Sometimes I can't believe I'm really pregnant. Like 7 months in and the shock still hasn't gone away
H	Holy crap I'm 8 months pregnant
A	Hasn't been one weekend since I've been pregnant that I've got to relax.
D	@VelindreCC I wouldn't mind usually but I'm 8 months pregnant so walking in this heat from the road by the library wasn't fun!!
N	I am pregnant but idk whos the father of my child Was it kaiii Or baeeekk Idk
N	@Kawaii_Nani Forgot to tell you I'm 9 months pregnant lo
N	@robsheffield_bi I am tho all this extra skin from being pregnant 7 weeks since having her I dnt get how celebs are perfect straight aftee
A	I really have been pregnant forever it feels, but now I'm rly about to give birth within 4 weeks
N	I've got another gig tomorrow at Mellow Mushroom / The Island Pigeon Forge! Also, I'm 25 weeks pregnant tomorrow. WHOA - 6 months 1 week
N	Wow I'm going to the beach this summer at 8 months pregnant. Hashtag beached
N	Guys I just bought a pair of work pants from Express and they are a size two I wasn't even a size two before I got pregnant lmao
N	Vacation we planned months ago is next weekend and now I'm pregnant but I'll take my little blessing!
N	@tamarakeithNPR You are seriously making me crave Shake Shack, I'm 38 weeks pregnant and I'm 2 hrs from the closest one.
N	@ClaireLyman Thank you Claire. I'm 6 months pregnant (which is prob also making me extra emotional!) otherwise it w
N	Oh, and I'm 27 weeks pregnant.
N	As if I'm 5 and a half months pregnant already
A	@Stansted_Exp I was in the very front carriage. Yesterday I was in the middle. I'm also 6 months pregnant so I go wherever I can get a seat!
A	I'm convinced that I'll be pregnant forever 37 weeks and nothing's happening apparently he's nice and cozy fuck it
N	Been having strange dreams since I got pregnant. Last night, Optimus Prime was out to kill me and my unborn child. #weirddreams #pregnant
D	@Andrea_Raffle @PPact As I'm currently 17 weeks pregnant and feeling so many kicks from baby, this makes me nauseated beyond belief
A	Oh wait I'm 8 months pregnant so I actually am gonna cry about it
N	Why am I so excited to go camping while being 32 weeks pregnant
N	I don't think I was that annoying when I was pregnant with Annistyn. Hid my pregnancy for a good 4 months.
A	@MonasticAscetic Mona, I'm not just fat! I've been pregnant for, I don't know, nine months!
N	I'm not one to really care about getting hit on BUT I found it hilarious how I'm noticeably 7 months pregnant & I still got told I was sexy.
N	@DrBrianMay Hi Brian. My name is jojo, I really wanted to see you tomorrow in london but my mum was worried as I'm 23 weeks pregnant xxx
N	I wish I was a girl in the Marine Corps. I'd get pregnant so I could get about 10 months off work for free.
N	I think it's funny when people act like they can't do anything while being pregnant, I'm over here 38 weeks and mowing the grass
N	@dearestmikeyy Tru bc I am a 51 year old pregnant women
N	Somedays I still can't believe I'm pregnant which is ironic considering I'm 8 months and went into labor yesterday
A	What ppl don't realize is I'm 10 months pregnant I'm tired af 24/7 I don't have energy to do anything, shit!!
A	Everyone I thought I was going to be close with for a long time stopped talking to me because I got pregnant
N	@alicemaysnell I'm normally size 14 but 9 months pregnant right now & the comfiest dresses in this heat are from
A	Now it's #NationalWineDay and I'm 9 months pregnant cruel
N	@_SoNinaaa Ariel i just left the doctor he said i'm 2 weeks pregnant i can't
A	I'm 40 weeks pregnant in three days where the fuck is this child. I'm giving her an eviction notice rn
N	& if y'all only knew how I got pregnant.
N	I'm less than 3 weeks away from my third trimester and I could still pass for not pregnant (not including those who know how skinny I was)
A	Please forgive me for being fucking bitchy while I'm still doing everything and more while I'm 8 months pregnant.
N	I'm too excited for the grand opening @zoo_culture I'm 6 months pregnant so I got my bf a membership. But wait til I pop this baby out.
N	I came to laser tag with the family to sit on the bench and hold everyone's purses because I'm 9 months pregnant.
N	6 months pregnant looking like I'm about to pop
N	@MagicKar @IamCKirkpatrick I am 22 weeks pregnant myself. I'm having a girl. What are you guys having?
N	For those who keep on asking here is a fun update: I'm still pregnant! Going on 40 weeks +3 days. I went to L&D to get checked
N	Lol before I got pregnant I stayed sippin drank #
N	U lost that when u came to my job , I told u I was pregnant, u took my old phone , didn't hear from yo ass again for three months .
N	Y'all wanna know something crazy? So Saturday my best friend gma was like oh you 5 1/2 months? I said yea- I don't look like I'm pregnant.
N	I can't believe I'm 5 months pregnant time flies
A	I'm 39 weeks pregnant NO I don't want to be out late at night with a 8 1/2 lb baby hanging from me.
N	Hello! I am now three months pregnant with twins the Doctors have all told me. My baby bump is three times the size that my daughter was.
A	people forget that just because I'm pregnant doesn't mean I can't do anything, don't need to hibernate for 9 months especially in this
A	I'm so fed up of being pregnant now but still have 3 months left
A	I just listened to this and I'm already 3 months pregnant
N	I can't believe I'm 8 months pregnant lmao where tf does time go
A	Being 7 months pregnant in this heat is a full time job in itself why am I at work?
N	Justin & I sold our #EricChurch tickets for tonight because I'm 39 1/2 weeks pregnant. So Sawyer make this day not suck and make your debut
N	everybody in Vegas but me, cause I got pregnant lmaooo
N	I am 3 months pregnant
N	I'm 23 weeks pregnant @TheEllenShow can I get tickets to your mommy to be show!?! by the way it's a girl!
N	I'm 20 weeks pregnant but still look like I ate too much and not like I have a baby in me howwwww lmao
N	I used to be 90 pounds in high school, college 100 pounds & after 106 . Now that I'm 4 months pregnant 118 pounds lol #pinchigorda
A	Between my allergies, being 34 weeks pregnant, and Mattie working on her molarsI'm getting a very sad amount of sleep
N	I am 22 weeks pregnant. All I wanna do is lay down and be pretty.
A	@SamiKyle @ashlenbosquez I am 18, single, and 38 weeks pregnant. The dad isn't around. No need to talk shit when it
N	You won't pay for my meal if you know i'm 5 months pregnant
D	Are your ankles puffy? I'm over 6 months pregnant and it's 100 degrees out- everything of me is puffy. I am the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
N	@FakeFernando I am that pregnant
N	@whatley_brady @ArcsTweets @Johnseago I'm 37 weeks pregnant. Think I'll skip both.
N	Crazy I've been Married for 6 months and I'm 6 months pregnant !
N	On the bright side I haven't been touched since I got pregnant
N	It's okay I'm 23 weeks pregnant And still can't be trusted
N	Actually was in the middle if losing 5kgs - all that I needed to shed - then I got pregnant. Now I've gained 8kgs and it's going up.
N	@VirginTrains I'm 38 weeks pregnant, I don't fancy a journey to complain in person due to staff not listening to my original request!
A	@AmazonHelp not the point. I'm 38 weeks pregnant, bending down and searching for a package and finding it dirty is not acceptable.
N	Because I'm Six Months Pregnant--
N	it took 6 months for me to show that I'm pregnant, my baby bump kick out hard now.
A	@GABRI3LLA_TAT3 I'm damn near 42 weeks pregnant, and I just did all of that for no reason.
N	18 weeks pregnant today & I'm halfway done hopefully I'll start feeling some movement soon
H	@GaryBarlow@OfficialMarkO@HowardDonald HELP I am 6 months pregnant with my miracle baby, I am standing on 12th June. My friend is worried.
A	Starting to feel uncomfortable when I try to sleep now and I'm only 6 months pregnant
N	Dear @UberUKsupport my account has been disabled - not sure why but I am 8 months pregnant and need the app - please help
A	Everyone keeps saying I look rough. Like yeah I'm 9 months pregnant and extremely tired. Thank you.
A	@MattWalshBlog @benshapiro I'm ten weeks pregnant. I couldn't listen. Deliberately killing children is the definition of evil.
N	I'm pregnant I don't know how but I am
A	The fact the I'm 29 weeks pregnant and still haven't hit my normal weight from being so sick in the beginning of my pregnancy!
N	People still don't even notice that I'm pregnant and I'm five months gone, starting to wonder if this bumps ever gonna show
N	I'm a week away from being 5 months pregnant & my dad never told my brothers
A	Just spent all day painting our son's nursery while I'm 31 weeks pregnant 10/10 do not recommend
D	@Laslo_Panaflex I am 40.5 weeks pregnant. I am warm.
N	How is that I'm almost 8 months pregnant and niggas now wanna be in my dms? Like where was you 9 10 months ago?
A	Here I am, 29 weeks pregnant, with both my pants AND tops no longer fitting. What a time to be alive. We made it
N	Today I got asked ID for scratch cards. I'm 28 and 24 weeks pregnant.
N	@OOSMuppet I'm 17 weeks pregnant with something or other, so.
H	@dawnieA1974 @kate_worrall @KimmiK310 I'm 37 weeks pregnant. So anytime :)
A	@Miss_Delahoyde I'm 6 months pregnant and I look like I'm about 8 & people will comment big or small bumps there j
N	ughhhhh I'm finally 9 months pregnant n I'm counting down DAYS
N	Me: why have you done that? Mum: not suppose to leave them plugged in it's a fire hazard Me: I'm 9 months pregnant i can't bend down? (1/2)
N	I actually cannot believe I am still pregnant.
N	8 months pregnant and I'm starting to show in my face now
N	@Dionnnna I'm pregnant w all 20 rn
A	@Schiphol I am 32 weeks pregnant and have to wait for passport control at the top of escalators - terrible!
N	I'm gonna be 7 months pregnant next week
N	2 years ago today we were going to our senior prom An now I'm 6 months pregnant w/ our princess solidarity always w
N	And I'll be 6 months pregnant this coming Monday. Yeah, it still really hasn't settled. Not even when he's kicking. L m a o
N	How am I 24 weeks pregnant
H	I wish I could tell my parents that I am pregnant. Fear is what u taught me. I am 9 weeks with two heartbeats.
H	Still can't believe I'm 8 months pregnant almost there !
D	It's 17 degrees I'm 8 months pregnant and I have a little foot stuck in my ribs. No sleep for me tonight again
A	I have 11 weeks left of being pregnant Wtf Where did the time go I'm not ready
N	As you can see I am pregnant, its gonna be a boy. I will name him Jamie!!! @Outlander_STARZ @SamHeughan
H	I'm 5 months pregnant today! What?!? I only have 4 more to go
D	@Rjinswand @LittleObb @Hades_Beckons @LukeAyeah @Spacehehehe I am 7 months pregnant and have a headache. I don't ca
N	How am I almost 8 months pregnant
N	I'm 7.5 months pregnant & still think tabatas are the best workout. It's been well over a year and I still love #4x4diet @ErinOprea
H	27 weeks and 3 days pregnant today. Baby and I are doing great! I'm so excited to meet my little
A	@Lowes @Lowes I'm 8 MONTHS pregnant & an ARMY VET not 1 employee offered to help load my car with my purchase of a
N	@MariaFowler Wow I'm 37 weeks pregnant & this has got me excited to lose the baby weight once he arrives xx
A	@holliedavies_xo 4 months pregnant for ten months not nine! Feel robbed of a month hahahah! Bump will get so big I'm scared !! Xxxx
N	I'd like to announce I'm 6 months pregnant with my food baby, I've chosen the name donner and chips xx
N	finding out I was pregnant at 5 months, I swear I doubted myself BUT I MADE IT ,EVERYTHING I DO I DO IT FOR YOU JAILEE
D	I am never embarrassed to use the modifier, I'm pregnant, I have a torn left should and I shattered my pelvis 9 months ago. BUT I have to
N	I'm 6 months pregnant! Apparently you are actually pregnant more like 10 months. Well the bump is here to stay! My baby app tells me this
N	Thankful for the kind of friends who break into my house when I'm 8.5 months pregnant to clean the windows, do the dishes & vacuum.
A	I'm struggling bc there are ADORABLE summer clothes at target but I CANT BUY ANYTHING BECAUSE I CANT TRY IT ON BECAUSE IM 8 MONTHS PREGNANT.
N	I AM PREGNANT #BTSforVMAs
N	i'm pregnant with my first baby and i'm 6 weeks, I KNOW HOW THIS ALL GOES. okay momma u GO bc i didn't have a clue what was what @6 weeks
A	just a question i'm 25, 26 weeks pregnant tomorrow and i have no appetite like at all i know i NEED to eat but idk what to do.
D	@chynnajo my skin is usually super clear. (minus my 100 freckles) but since i got pregnant with this little girl it's bad, worse on my chin.
N	@BrandyLJensen I'm 13 weeks pregnant and I can already feel the baby kicking
N	In the doctors & everyone's in disbelief tht I'm 6 months pregnant apparently a look like a jst need a fart
A	It's like 100 degrees, I've hard barely any sleep, I'm 24 weeks pregnant and my mum wants me to tidy the whole house
A	Like don't come into my job & call me fat knowing I'm 6 months pregnant. That's petty af.
N	I'm 35 weeks pregnant and I work 6 days a week. Pregnancy isn't an excuse for laziness
H	:) i am 8 months pregnant :)
N	@The_Real_Karry I know after 6 pregnancy test after being pregnant for 2 weeks , I am still shocked
N	@AVo____ My belly . I'm 7 months pregnant
N	@bleachersmusic This is the only reason we checked in early. I'm 7 months pregnant and now we can't leave to come back later.
N	Very pleased I managed to pull off a first birthday party today 31 weeks pregnant. Crawling around the floor not gr
N	I'm nearly seven months pregnant and you can barely tell 90% of the time and I'm just like how?
A	Like dude I'm already fucking stressed out enough. I'm 39 weeks fucking pregnant and everything's getting on my last fucking nerve
N	Wow you're getting big Well I am 9 months pregnant so I hope I don't look the same as before I was pregnant lol
N	I'm 34 weeks pregnant wearing my class shirt from 5th gradeso yes. Anything is possible
N	2 weeks and I'm 7months #pregnant count me down please It's a boy #ericakane
D	I'm 32 weeks pregnant with horrible acid reflux and heart burn. Almost out of my bottle of @TUMStweets I need more! & pizza! #tumschewybites
A	@UPS stop leaving heavy ass shit at the bottom of my stairs I'm 8 months pregnant I can't carry that shit!!!!!
N	Tbh i will probably be 4 months pregnant but look like i am 8 i will just sit and eat and send my husband to the fridge
A	Yeah, death threats wrack me. No, they terrify me you idiot. I am seven months pregnant and have a kid. This is not hypothetical for me.
A	I hate when people tell me how I'm so small when I say I'm 6 months pregnant. Like they think I'm starving my baby or something. Stfu.
A	Being 6 months pregnant= peeing a little when you sneeze more than 3 times in a row. I'm over ittttttttt
N	I'm going to be 8 months pregnant next week and I've only gained 20 pounds so far, thank you LORTTT
N	@tinaababeyy I'm sure you do can be 9 months pregnant like me
N	I'm small asf you can't tell I'm 6 months pregnant
N	Crazy to think I'm almost 9 months pregnant
N	@hotpatooties I'm 40 weeks and 3 days pregnant. So, yes.
N	I'm almost 4 months pregnant heading out for dinner wearing overall shorts, a Star Wars tshirt and SnapBack I'm
N	So I'm 36 weeks pregnant and my boy friend cheated on me with the biggest slut known to man . Isn't that wonderful #cheater
N	I'm only 7 weeks pregnant and I'm already BRATTY af
N	I thought I would be big as ever by now. I'm going to be 6 months tomorrow and I don't even look like I'm pregnant.!
A	Think I'm done toting around 2 toddlers under 3 while almost 7 months pregnant. My whole body hurts.
N	Just so everyone knows I am aware of how pale I am but it's not the easiest thing to tan when 7 months pregnant.
A	I am 8 months pregnant. I got on a standing room trolley. The only person for 1st 10 min to offer me a seat was a 100 yr old man with a cane
N	#NotSoSpecialAnnouncements I am pregnant
A	I clearly am pregnant, hating life, and my child's father all in one photo #wouldntchangeshit
N	well i just listened to slow hands and I AM PREGNANT
N	I am pregnant. I'm gonna name the baby nugget since it is half chicken. Derek is the godfather.
N	Truth #1: I am a fitness coach. Truth #2: I am 30 weeks pregnant!  Being pregnant does not change the fact that
N	Damn! @DILLONFRANCIS snaps are so filthy dirty, I feel like I should've had a body condom on. I am now pregnant
N	@MsSanaaNa I am pregnant though.
N	And here I am, 33 weeks pregnant, all dressed up, driving and carrying a huge purse and a big bag... aint that #wonderful?
N	I am 8 and a half months pregnant and I've yet to step foot into a Babies R Us lmao
N	I've been keeping a journal for Leiera since j got pregnant.
D	i am pregnant but have no symptoms
N	@halsey i am pregnant
N	i am 31 weeks pregnant & jordan just made me play basketball with him
N	I am tired of being pregnant but I want to experience going the whole full turn
N	@crybabykaela I'm 8 months pregnant & I am still allowed to workout kaela .....
N	i didn't stop dressing up because i got pregnant. i stopped because i have my man and he loves me just the way i am.
N	I AM PREGNANT,AGAIN!
A	@Worm_so_sick23 well i am pregnant cant take everything
N	@KenCalvert ahca is a disaster for young families like mine. I am currently pregnant, and were this to take effect, I would pay 10x more.
N	i was 99% sure i was pregnant this month and this gif literally represents my mum SCREAMING at me about how irrespo
N	To the people at the gym: I'm pregnant. No really, I am. I promise.
D	i'm pregnant!! I've always dreamed of one day having my own child... but I just found out I have tuberculosis and am very sick:( #sad
N	I am seven months pregnant, therefore i casually find myself sitting down ever so often
N	To everyone who said I wouldn't make it to my due date.... here I am.... still pregnant.....
N	@NiallOfficial thank you, Niall. Now I am pregnant.
N	i mean i am 39 weeks pregnant on the elliptical and treadmill
A	running for a bus whilst six months pregnant was not what I had originally planned today
H	Pregnant Life  I am due in less than two weeks... Yay! I cant wait to meet my Quetzalli
N	Maternity leave After I joined them I got to know after 23 days that I am pregnant #CiteHR #Management #HR
N	@WendyWilliams I am almost 6 months pregnant and I notice you tend to give a foot spa machine.  Do you have coupons or how can I win 1.
N	@paigeatzemis I was honestly scared when I found out I was pregnant bec I didn't know for almost 3 months & I was c
H	@aptaclubuk Afternoon.  Am excited that I'm pregnant but am disappointed that you may not do your super cute polar bears anymore?!!!
N	For all that are so quick to try me and my friends since i got pregnant, James will be here in 2-3 months
H	I am 12 weeks pregnant with a very healthy baby.i conceived again at the end of Feb, without even realizing it. 3 weeks after my miscarriage
N	I'm pregnant and engaged and I got a dude in my messages asking me if I wanna come drink ?
N	I remember when I was pregnant that I said I'd NEVER co-sleep. LOL. Here I am 5 months in and he's never been in hi
N	It's 90 degrees, I'm 9 months pregnant, kid asked for pizza & a @PizzaGuys coupon was on the door. I think it's a sign, right? #pizza
D	@dcsportsbog I am pregnant & legitimately concerned about my stress levels during this series. (Also a doctor and know I should know better)
N	It's so weird to think I am 5 months pregnant with my 3rd child and here's my 1st born taking his first driving les
H	How on earth am I 30 weeks pregnant already only 10 weeks to go till my due date and then there will be another little munchkin
N	@TeeLaShae I was 7 months pregnant and had to break up a fight between these little girls...that's when I knew...teaching wasn't for me.
N	@Drake I am also pregnant with your baby
H	never thought it was possible to love someone I havent even met but here I am 4 months pregnant & I already love my child more than anything
N	Battled bridge traffic for a Wally's milkshake. I am a dedicated pregnant woman on a mission.
N	@kringel2010 I have standing but could do with a seat now as I am 6 months pregnant.  But I am the O2 12th june
A	My  Bestfriend  told me he didn't wanna be friends anymore because I'm pregnant, that still got my feelings hurting
A	It is basically May. If my neighbours don't turn off the furnace soon, I'm going to lose my mind. I'm 9 months pregnant. I AM a furnace.
N	So mad I can't go to my doctors appt today bc I DONT HAVE INSURANCE RIGHT NOW! How am I 9 months pregnant and get my insurance cut off? How?
N	I am pregnant Mr. Eduardo Meza
D	Im pregnant and still no one thinks about my stress or how tired I am.
H	@laikenbacon14 I'm only two weeks behind you! I am 21 weeks pregnant and three days!! :)
N	Remember when I had an ulcer and she swore I was pregnant and hiding it for 2 months
H	How am I almost 6 months pregnant?!? This is crazy! I can't wait to
N	#TheLastTimeIPartied I got pregnant :) #truestory
N	Since I been pregnant I am always waking up early in morning
N	Greaaaaat. Thanks for listening to me the first time @WW_Canada - I am pregnant and cannot continue your program. S
N	@picksuppennies I am 8 weeks in and legit already wearing my old maternity clothes because I had almost outgrown my
N	i am pregnant by a transvestite
N	I honestly can't believe how active I am I swear most of the time I don't even feel like I'm pregnant especially not 6 months
H	RITA - I am very excited to announce that I am 13 1/2 weeks pregnant after 6 yrs. This last transfer was from my funded cycle! #IVF4ON
N	@kiawwnuhh LMAO I should start saying yeah I am pregnant
N	@TheTobii_ Next thing now, I'm pregnant, no please.
A	I lost all my weight how the fuck am I 115 @ 8 months pregnant
A	@londonrunningpt Big butt?? Come on now, I am 35 weeks pregnant and the baby wants cake!!!
H	On this day, one year ago, I found out I was pregnant with Brody. Thank you God for giving my life a new meaning 5 months ago
A	Why am I 8.5 months pregnant and working a 3am shift?! #dead
H	I am happy and proud to announce i am pregnant from my dear @Utsuho_Reiuji_ before going to sleep.  Have a nice d
N	I should get out of bed and do laundry. However bed is comfy and I am almost 8 months pregnant sooo... #lazy
H	As of yesterday, I am 8 months pregnant, and as of today, there's only 69 days till my duuuuee daaatttee she's coming so soon
N	I am self-employed & almost 8 months pregnant with twins. If I lose my insurance and something goes wrong, how will I afford it? #LetUsLive
N	@markos Fail/flames. Yes, partially so I won't lose my health insurance while I'm pregnant with twins. I am not a hypothetical.
A	I get that I dont look 30 weeks pregnant with twins but I am so stop asking me to do everything for you when I cant even do stuff for myself
H	Can't believe I am already six months pregnant. Time sure does fly by.
N	Hi Everyone, I really miss this page!  As a lot of your know, I am about 18 weeks pregnant, so I've been LAZY AS...
A	For the next 3 months I will not be answering the following (but not limited to) stupid questions: Q: How are you? A: Pregnant.
N	saying they wanted to fix that problem for me & I DMED THEM LIKE AN ADULT and told them it wouldn't be necessary- I was 9 months pregnant &
N	@thismorning @Rustie_Lee Yuhhhhh meeee! I'm 9 months pregnant so a pineapple dish was perfect timing! #comeonbaby T
N	How am I 26 weeks pregnant where is this time going?!  #timeisgoingtoofast #pregnantwomen
N	I just am so mind blown as to how bold bitches are getting now that I'm pregnant like where was ya at 2 months ago ??!!!
H	I am pregnant girl. You're HENTAI. HAHA:)
N	@Entenmanns Thanks @Entenmanns! I am 9 months pregnant and you're practically my BFF. #nomnom #Soyummy
D	Is It Safe to Breastfeed While I Am Pregnant
N	It's 85 degrees and I'm almost 9 months pregnant. How the hell am I supposed to look nice today
N	I hated it even before I got pregnant. I'm the mother of his child/his child's mother and he's the father of my child or my child's father.
A	Erik got me some maternity clothes & I wanted to cry I was so grateful. Being pregnant in tight clothes is the most uncomfortable feeling
N	So I am almost 31 weeks pregnant and my birthday is in 3 days. Idk what I want to do for my birthday, besides a nice birthday dinner!
N	I still can't believe that I am 27 today. Where has the time gone, also I will be 31 wks pregnant tomorrow.
N	@whyofcorso Not to freak ya out too much but I got pregnant on my Mirena... it's definitely a thing.
D	just found out i am pregnant what do i do
N	I got pregnant and was on maternal for six months.
N	I AM PREGNANT AND CAN'T DRINK RIGHT NOW SO I JUST RAGE ATE 4 COOKIES
N	@PrettySQP ..congratulations Babe, you got this..don't get discouraged and just enjoy it! Did you know that I am 38 weeks pregnant
N	I know I say this everyday, but I really am over being pregnant. Only 15 more long weeks to go..
N	They said I wouldn't graduate high school cause I got pregnant  my junior year I walked the stage the next year with my class #2012
N	#TheLastTimeIPartied I got pregnant
N	My family is facing eviction. I am 3 months pregnant and on bedrest during high risk pregnancy, my fiance is recove
N	@brightballoon95 Yes Sam, I am pregnant OBVIOUSLY
N	@KimKardashian I got pregnant just in time for your kids line
N	I am gets winded getting into bed weeks pregnant.
N	@NickDominates I am Nine months pregnant
N	@satxnsbootyxall oh true... so i AM pregnant  MOVE AM WITH CHILD
N	God knew what he was doing I got pregnant at the time I did for a reason
N	@_breeshanice I got blocked bc I'm pregnant  but I don't post my baby bump so I feel like I'm saving somebody heartbreak
N	@sureshpprabhu pnr no 8413294467 i am 7month pregnant.I can nt trvl by bus or flight stl  wating 1&2Rqst u 2 plz confirm tkt as special case
A	@Manekagandhibjp I am 7 months pregnant and my employer rejected maternity leave application and said it's not our policy & asked to resign
N	I never ate so much breakfast in my life until I got pregnant. Now it can be 4 in the morning and he kick me screaming donuts...NOW
N	Just fucking accidentally told my mum I was pregnant. Never seen such a mix of emotions at once  I am most definitely not Von.. soz
D	I am pregnant for approximately 36 weeks now and I have experiencing some pains. I am really tired ~
D	i am pregnant and have a cold
A	Everyone was telling me I don't look pregnant for my first 4 months and all of a sudden I hit 5 everyone says I'm too small
N	Nine months ago I registered for a marathon (that I was supposed to run today). 7 months ago I got pregnant. Timing is not my forte.
N	Why am I craving ice and watermelon so bad. Oh wait, I'm almost 9 months pregnant. That's why. But why not anything good
N	I cannot wait for the day I can drink the unopened bottle of wine Nick got for me.... the day before I found out I was pregnant
N	@qveen_brooklynn got to I'm pregnant now
N	Officially pregnant enough where strangers will randomly stop and ask how far along I am and congratulate me
N	@Blowjobshire @nvanmeter I got pregnant by my son, stanning one direction is some fucked up shit.
D	@mdparentisme @dciskey Im currently 21 weeks pregnant with my first child; I am a high risk pregnancy and getting
A	35 WEEKS OF BEING PREGNANT, I AM READY FOR HER TO COME OUT
N	Being pregnant is gonna be a struggle for me just bc I can't go a week w/o drinking how am I supposed to last 9+ months
N	@EmWvtscn No, I don't know the gender yet. Cause I am 9 weeks pregnant and I need to be 20 weeks pregnant to find o
D	I'm 15 weeks pregnant. When am I going to stop puking like this??
N	In love. After few hours dating, we got married in a small ceremony & a few days later I got pregnant. I give birth to a beautiful twins --
N	How am I already 5 months pregnant
A	I am too freaking pregnant for it to be this hot outside already! Just 3 more weeks until I'm kicking this girl out!
N	Wayminnit now.., this is my husband and I am 3 months pregnant with our child girl bye
D	30 weeks pregnant today......I am SOOOO tired and yet I can't fall back asleep. #pregnancyproblems #icantwaittomeetmybaby
N	Here I am 29 weeks pregnant heading out for Afternoon Tea with family. We're having a boy  #No2
N	I am pregnant and have certain needs Idgaf about nobody rn.
A	I am pregnant and my husband has been gone for half a day and I've just had to kill a wasp and I'm very needy and this was a bad idea
N	At 37 weeks pregnant, I am always hungry!  Trying not to give into every little craving so this helps.    #delicious
A	Some dumb bitch from another department who I never ever speak to or see told everyone I am pregnant. There is NO WAY she would have known
N	@WACountrySass lol I had a 2nd degree. Awful.  here I am, my whoha never the same, pregnant after 7 months pp
A	Okay today's like that day where i just am so over being pregnant.
N	Today I am not just bloated... I am actually 9 months pregnant.
D	Dua request Aoa. Brothers and sisters. I cant explain in words how much stressed I am. Im 30 weeks pregnant and...
D	I've never dealt with allergies until I got pregnant, I've convinced he gave them to me.
N	OH MY GOD I AM PREGNANT AGAIN
N	@Shark_Z06 Yea I just found out I am pregnant, due feb 2018
N	I AM PREGNANT #Arrow
